Feature/brpa 1114 disconnect graphql (#47)
vtex-apps/tiktok-tbp: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Toast when the user try to disconnect from TikTok.
> - Mutation to disconnect from TikTok.
> - Service function to clear appSettings when disconnect TikTok.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Toast when the user tries to disconnect from TikTok.
- Mutation to disconnect from TikTok.
- Service function to clear `appSettings` when disconnecting TikTok.
```

> - Service function to clear appSettings when disconnect TikTok.

Author: Done!
